Document Information: Total Pages: 8 Page 1 sex: Visit date: Ambulatory Visit Summary Reason for Follow-up Diagnoses Codes Commenis Malignant neoplasm of sigmoid colon Primary Aphasia R47.01 Cerebrovascular accident due to stenosis of left carotid 163.232 artery affecting dominant side as late of stroke 169.359 neoplasm of colon, unspecified part of colon C18.9 Vital Signs = Recorded recent update: 11:06 AM BP Pulse Temp Resp Wi 115/70 (BP 50 36.6 (97.8 20 87.1 kg (192 Ib) Location: LUE, (Skin probe) BP Position: sitting, BP Size: Reg) smoking Status 96% 26.04 Former Smoker Progress Notes Author Type: Physician status: Signed DIAGNOSIS: 1. Adenocarcinoma of the sigmoid colon / robotic assisted low anterior resection, CEA 3.7) 2. M1, G2, RO. 3. Liver metastasis / CT-guided GENOMIC DATA: NGS-CARIS, HER2 negative, MMR-p, PD-L1 NTRK1/2/3 Negative, BRAF fusion not detected. SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS: 1. CVA with aphasia/hemiparesis 2. Right intertrochanteric hip fracture status post short cephalomedullary AM Page 1 Page 2 Visit date: Ambulatory Notes/Results Progress Notes (continued) INTERVAL HISTORY: Patient is 78 years old elderly gentleman with past medical history of coronary artery disease, polymyalgia rheumatica, expressive aphasia/right hemiparesis from previous CVA. Patient required hospitalization on after fall with right intratrochanteric hip fracture. Patient was also found to have anemia and some rectal bleed. Initially hay to this hip surgery, and advised colonoscopy down the road. Patient underwent short cephalomedullary implant, for right intertrochanteric hip fracture. Patient was discharged onI to Eliquis. subsequently patient was found to have bright red blood per rectum as well as coffee-ground loose stooI. Patient was readmitted on EGDwasnormaI. On patient underwent colonoscopy with rectosigmoid mass and the pathology came back as adenocarcinoma, grade 1-2, p-MMR. Pre surgery CEA was 3.7. CT abdomen pelvis with revealed possible mass in the sigmoid colon. Hypodense lesion in the right hepatic lobe measuring 1.2 cm. CT chest with contrastonI essentially negative. On MRI of the abdomen with and without contrast revealed, there are several small lesions in the liver favoring cyst. There is hepatic lesion in segment 6 of the liver characteristic strongly favor focus of metastatic deposit. On patient underwent robotic assisted low anterior resection with robotic splenic flexure mobilization by . Tumor was identified in the sigmoid colon above the peritoneum. Intraoperatively, the liver lesion was not Identified on the surface. Path number grade 2 colonic adenocarcinoma measuring 5.9 cm, tumor invades into the pericolonic soft tissue. No lymphovascular or perineural invasion identified. All resection margins including radial, proximal and distal were not involved. 22 lymph nodes were removed and one was positive for metastatic deposit. The tumor arising within the tubulovillous adenoma with high-grade dysplasia MX G2 RO. patient underwent CT-guided core biopsy of the liver mass. Pathology came back metastatic adenocarcinoma, morphology consistent with metastatic colorectal adenocarcinoma. Final Nia M1 G2 RO. Patient was transferred to nursing home on Patient underwent PET CTscanonI PET scan revealed no significant FDG avidity in the anastomotic site. The biopsy-proven metastatic to the hepatic 6 also lacks FDG avidity. There Is no regional or distant or solid organ or osseous metastasis. NGS-CARIS, HER2 negative, MMR-p, PD-L1 negaive, Negative, BRAF fusion not detected. In the office today his questionnaires are reviewed. ONCOLOGY HISTORY: 1 # Patient is 78 years old elderly gentleman with past medical history of coronary artery disease, polymyalgia rneumatica, expressive aphasia/right hemiparesis from previous CVA. 2 # Patient required hospitalization after fall with right intratrochanteric hip fracture. Patient was also found to have anemia and some rectal bleed. Initially on day prior to this hip surgery, and advised colonoscopy down the road. 3 # Patient underwent short cephalomedullary implant, for right Intertrochanteric hip fracture. Patient was discharged on Eliquis. 4 # patient was found to have bright red blood per rectum as well as coffee-ground loose sicoI. Patient was readmitted AM Page 2 Page 3 sex: Visit date: Ambulatory Progress Notes (continued) (continued) EGD was normaI. patient underwent colonoscopy withI which revealed rectosigmoid mass and the pathology came back as adenocarcinoma, grade 1-2, p-MMR. Pre surgery CEA was 3.7. #CT abdomen pelvis with revealed possible mass in the sigmoid colon. Hypodense lesion in the right hepatic lobe measuring 1.2 cm. 8#CT chest with contrastonI essentially negative. MRI of the abdomen with and without contrast revealed, there are several small lesions in the liver favoring cyst. There Is hepatic lesion in segment 6 of the liver characteristic strongly favor focus of metastatic deposit. 10# On patient underwent robotic assisted low anterior resection with robotic splenic flexure mobilization by . Tumor was identified in the sigmoid colon above the peritoneum. Intraoperatively, the liver lesion was not on the surface. 11 # Path number grade 2 colonic adenocarcinoma measuring 5.5 cm, tumor invades Into the pericolonic soft tissue. No lymphovascular or perineural invasion identified. All resection margins including radial, proximal and distal were not involved. 22 lymph nodes were removed and one was positive for metastatic deposit. The tumor arising within the tubulovillous adenoma with high-grade dysplasia Nia MO G2 RO. patient underwent CT-guided core biopsy of the liver mass. Pathology came back metastatic adenocarcinoma, morphology consistent with metastatic colorectal adenocarcinoma. 13 # Final stage, pNia M1 G2 RO. 14#PETCTscanonI no significant FDG avidity in the anastomotic site. The biopsy-proven metastatic to the hepatic segment 6 also lacks FDG avidity. There is no regional or distant or solid organ or osseous metastasis. NGS-CARIS, HER2 negative, MMR-p, PD-L1 negatve, Negative, BRAF fusion not detected. (not enough tissue) ALLERGIES: No Known Allergies CURRENT MEDICATIONS: Current Outpatient Medications: acetaminophen (TYLENOL ARTHRITIS) 650 MG CR tablet, Take 1,300 mg by mouth every 8 (eight) hours as needed for Pain. , Disp: , Rif: atorvastatin (LIPITOR) 40 MG tablet, Take 1 tablet by mouth daily Disp: 30 tablet, 0 calcium-vitamin 500-200 MG-UNIT per tablet, Take 1 tablet by mouth 3 (three) times daily AM Page 3 Page 4 Visit date: Ambulatory Progress Notes (continued) (continued) Disp: , FLUoxetine (PROZAC) 20 MG capsule, TAKE 1 CAPSULE BY MOUTH DAILY Disp: 90 capsule, Ril: 3 tamsulosin HCI (FLOMAX) 0.4 MG capsule, TAKE 1 CAPSULE BY MOUTH EVERY DAY, Disp: 90 capsule, Ril: 3 PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: The patient has past medical history of Generalized osteoarthrosis, involving multiple sites, High cholesterol, Polymyalgia rheumatica (HCC), Pure hypercholesterolemia, and Stroke (HCC) (2015). Expressive aphasia and right hemiparesis from previous CVA. PAST SURGICAL HISTORY: The patient has past surgical history that includes Other surgical history; Other surgical history; Other surgical history; Other surgical history; Other surgical history; Other surgical history; Fracture surgery; Thromboendarterectomy; and Carpal tunnel release (12/2016). FAMILY HISTORY: family history includes Heart disease in his father and mother; Stroke in his mother. SOCIAL HISTORY: The patient reports that he quit smoking about 32 years ago. He has 15.00 pack-year smoking history. He has never used smokeless tobacco. He reporis that he does not drink and does not use drugs. ONCOLOGY REVIEW OF SYSTEMS Pain - 0 Nausea/Vomiting - 0 Fatigue/Tiredness - 0 Loss of Appetite - Constipation - 0 Diarrhea - Mouth Sores - 0 Numbness/Tingling - 0 - 0 Quality of life: Good/2 ECOG 2 OF SYSTEMS: CONSTITUTIONAL: Denies any fever, chills, night sweats, or any weight loss. HEENT: Denies any headache, vertigo, dizziness, diplopia, photophobia, sore throat, difficulty in swallowing. RESPIRATORY: Denies any cough, sputum production, hemoptysis. CARDIOVASCULAR: Denies any chest pain, orthopnea, PND. Gl: Denies any nausea, vomiting, constipation, diarrhea, hematochezia, or melena. GU: Denies any frequency, urgency, dysuria, hematuria, or flank pain. MUSCULOSKELETAL: No bony pain. CNS: Denies seizure activity. History of CVA with right hemiparesis and expressive aphasia. PHYSICAL EXAMINTION: BP 115/70 (BP Location: LUE, BP Position: sitting, BP Cuff Size: Reg) Pulse 50 Temp 36.6 (97.8 (Skin probe) Resp 20 kg (192 Ib) SpO2 96% BMI 26.04 AM Page 4 Page 5 Visit date: Ambulatory Progress Notes (continued) (continued) GENERAL: The patient Is 78 y.o. female. Warm and moist. No bruises, ecchymosis, or any petechiae. HEAD: Normocephalic, atraumatic. EYES: PERRLA. EOM fulI. Conjunctivae pink. Sclerae anicteric. OROPHARYNGEAL EXAM: Unremarkable for any mucositis or thrush. NECK: Supple without any JVD, bruit, or thyromegaly. LYMPHATIC SYSTEM: No palpable lymphadenopathy in cervical, supraclavicular, infraclavicular, axillary, or inguinal areas. RESPIRATORY: Chest Is clear to percussion and auscultation. CARDIOVASCULAR: Unremarkable for any gallop or murmur. ABDOMEN: nontender, without any organomegaly. Bowel sounds are positive. EXTREMITIES: No cyanosis, clubbing, or edema. CNS exam: The patient is alert and oriented 3. Cranial nerves are grossly intact. Expressive aphasia. Right hemiparesis. MUSCULOSKELETAL: Unremarkable for any point tenderness. LABS: Las Component Value Date WBC RBC 4.18 HGB 13.1 HCT 42.6 MCV 101.9 MCH 31.3 MCHC 30.8 RDW 13.9 PLT 236 MPV 9.6 LYMPHS 1.5 0.4 BASOSABS 0.0 Las Component Value Date GLU 2 GLUF 84 Las Component Value Date BUN 29 CREAT 1.4 CREATININE 1.4 GFREST Lab Results Component Value Date AM Page 5 Page 6 Visit date: Ambulatory Progress Notes (continued) (continued) CA 10.1 AST 13 BILITOT 0.4 ALT 13 ALBUMIN ALKPHOS 88 PROT Lf NA 141 4.1 CL 101 CO2 23.9 lron siudy Lab Component Value Date IRON 39 TRANSFERRIN 204 TIBC 200 IRONSAT 15.3 Lab Results Component Value Date VITB12BL 801 Lab Component Value Date FOLATE 1.9 Lab Resulis Component Value Date CEA 3.4 NGS-CARIS, HER2 negative, MMR-p, PD-L1 NTRK1/2/3 Negative, BRAF fusion not detected. ASSESSMENT AND PLAN: Patient is an elderly gentleman with the multiple comorbidities and compromised performance status due to previous CVA and recent right hip fracture. Patient has multiple issues. 1. pT3, M1, G2, RO with CEA 3.7. Patient initially presented after GI bleed while on Eliquis. Colonoscopy with biopsy confirmed mass in the rectosigmoid area. Metastatic work-up revealed liver lesion and multiple bilateral hepatic cysts. Patient underwent low anterior resection no liver lesion was identified on the hepatic surface. It was staged as 13 N1aMX. Subsequently patient underwent CT-guided biopsy of the suspicious liver lesion which metastatic deposit. Patient has metastatic colorectal carcinoma with liver only disease. Patient underwent scan revealed no significant FDG avidity in the anastomotic site. The biopsy-proven metastatic to the hepatic 6 also lacks FDG avidity. There Is no regional or distant lymphadenopathy or solid organ or osseous metastasis. NGS-CARIS, HER2 negative, MMR-p, PD-L1 negaive, Negative, BRAF fusion not detected. AM Page 6 Page 7 sex: Visit date: Ambulatory Progress Notes (continued) (continued) Apparently there was not enough tissue to do the complete NGS paneI. Overall patient has low disease burden with isolated liver lesion only. PET scan was read out negative. Liver lesion can be treated with liver directed therapy like radiofrequency ablation or microwave ablation. Given the compromised status with multiple comorbidities, we are not sure if liver resection would be an ideal therapy. Patient will clearly need systemic therapy. believe we would recommend systemic therapy then follow-up with the liver directed therapy. Initial biopsy shows MMR proficient. NGS-CARIS, HER2 negative, MMR-p, PD-L1 negaive, Negative, BRAF fusion not detected. Apparenily there was not enough tissue to do the complete NGS paneI. Recommending systemic chemotherapy with modified FOLFOX plus minus bevacizumab. In the meantime will try to get proper NGS panel on: Specimen. We should have plenty of tissue to run NGS paneI. Uniortunately liver biopsy did not have enough tissue to run the complete NGS paneI. It may change the treatment plan down the road. So far we are initiation of systemic chemotherapy with modified FOLFOX plus minus bevacizumab. Rationale, risk, benefit and side effects were reviewed. We are also recommending Infuse-a-Port placement. We will for the consideration of port placement. Patient will come back to see me in couple of weeks. 2. Anemia. There is an evidence of iron deficiency. Folate is also low normaI. May consider intravenous iron Infusion. Also initiate folic acid 1 mg daily. 3. Right intertrochanteric hip fracture status post short cephalomedullary following orthopedics. had very detailed and comprehensive discussion with the patient and family. Our discussion lasted more than an hour today. Please send copy to Electronically signed PM History & Physicals No notes of this type exist for this encounter. Telephone Encounter Reason for Call Follow-up AM Page 7 Page 8 sex: Visit date: Ambulatory All No results found Your Undated List Accurate as Always use your most recent med list. acetaminophen 650 MG CR tablet Commonly known as: TYLENOL ARTHRITIS calcium-vitamin 500-200 MG-UNIT per tablet Commonly known as: OSCAL-500 END OF REPORT AM Page 8